Docs for v0.5.0 (#24)
stackrlabs/docs: docs/pages/build/framework/config.mdx

2. `sequencer`: Contains the parameters for the sequencer module.

- `blockSize`: The number of actions that the sequencer picks up in a single block.
- `blockTime`: The time interval after which the sequencer picks up the actions in a block.

> - `enableEmptyBlocks`: A boolean flag to allow creation of empty blocks with no actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enableEmptyBlocks`: A flag to allow creation of empty blocks (the one with no actions).
```
